Standard storage is standard.
If you have objects that you will access regularly, keep them here.
Infrequently accessed or IA is a great option
for important data that you will use occasionally, but not frequently.
You access the data in the exact same way,
but you are charged less for storage and more for accessing the objects.
Thus, if you don't access these objects often you will save money.
If you don't know what your access patterns will be for your data,
you can use intelligent tiering.
This automatically moves objects between
standard and infrequently accessed to help you optimize costs.
Glacier is called glacier to imply
colder storage or storage that is not as immediately accessible.
This is a good choice for backups or data that you're unlikely to need often.
This option is less expensive than standard warmer storage classes.
Glacier deep archive is even colder storage.
Again, best for items that you need to keep but may never or very rarely access.
This storage tier can take up to 12 hours to give you access to your data,
but again, this tier cost even less.